chore: remove mentions of decommissioned Cloudflare hosts (#1886)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/gateway-best-practices.md

- Put a CDN like Cloudflare in front of the IPFS gateway.
- Consider enabling the [Accelerated DHT Client](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/docs/experimental-features.md#accelerated-dht-client). 
- Test and monitor your internet connection speed, with a tool like [Speedtest CLI](https://www.speedtest.net/apps/cli).

> - Monitor disk I/O and make sure that no other processes are causing disk I/O bottlenecks with a tool like [iotop](https://linux.die.net/man/1/iotop) or [iostat](https://linux.die.net/man/1/iostat).

Reviewer: Why did these links change and why is one to GitHub and the other not (looks like iostat might be here https://github.com/sysstat/sysstat)?

Author: `linux.die.net`  return 403 to requests coming from CI, likely some overzealous abuse protection. I'll switch the iostat to github too, thanks!

> - Monitor disk I/O and make sure that no other processes are causing disk I/O bottlenecks with a tool like [iotop](https://github.com/Tomas-M/iotop) or [iostat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iostat).

Author: ```suggestion
- Monitor disk I/O and make sure that no other processes are causing disk I/O bottlenecks with a tool like [iotop](https://github.com/Tomas-M/iotop) or [iostat](https://github.com/sysstat/sysstat).
```
